Session 1 extra practice project info:
Simple Registration Form using React

In this activity, you will be building a simple registration form using React.
The form should collect basic information from the user, such as their name, email address, and phone number. 
This project will help you practice working with form elements, handling user input, and managing state in React.
Before you begin:
1. create a repo named: "React Practice Projects"
2. create a directory named "simple-reg-form"
3. clone this repo locally or use codespaces.


Follow the instructions below to complete the assignment:

1. Set up a new React project:
In your "simple-reg-form" directory:
Create a new React project using create-react-app.
```
npx create-react-app .
```
Set up the necessary project structure and dependencies.
Afterwards, create a new branch: "dev" 
2.Create the RegistrationForm component:

Create a new component called RegistrationForm.
Design and structure the form using appropriate form elements (e.g., input fields, labels, buttons).
Include fields for the following information:
Name (First Name and Last Name)
Email Address
Phone Number

3. Implement form validation:

Validate the form inputs to ensure that they are not empty and meet any additional requirements you define.
Display appropriate error messages if the user enters invalid or incomplete information.
Manage form state:

4. Use React's state management to handle the form state.
Store the user's input values in state variables.
Update the state when the user enters information into the form fields.

5. Handle form submission:

Add a submit button to the form.
Implement a form submission handler that will be triggered when the user submits the form.
Display a success message or take appropriate action when the form is successfully submitted.

6. Style the form:

Apply CSS styles to make the registration form visually appealing.
Use CSS frameworks or custom styles to enhance the form's design.

7. Test and debug:

Test the form by entering different inputs and validating the behavior.
Debug any issues or errors that you encounter during testing.

8. Optional: Add additional features or enhancements:

Add more form fields (e.g., address, date of birth) or optional fields.
Implement additional validation rules (e.g., email format validation).
Incorporate form validation using external libraries or custom validation functions.

Submission:

1. Add me as a collaborator in your "React Practice Projects" repository (use: Ahuoyiza or sophieoyiza@gmail.com)
2. Make a pull request from your dev branch and assign me to review.

Good luck, and happy coding!